Is anyone else actually offended / traumatized by the hanging troonjak meme? I’m actually transgender and have been transitioning since 2017. I’ve browsed 4chan since about 2015 and I really hate seeing the hanging troonjak meme because it highlights a lot of insecurities for me (such as a male face, stubble which I constantly have to shave, masculine facial structure)

Every time I see the hanging troonjak meme I have to go look at myself in the mirror and make sure that I don’t look like it. I hate to imagine myself as that caricature. Everyone on /lgbt/ (which is a hatebox if anything) says that I pass which is very nice and I’m happy that my transition has gone well for me.

The hanging troonjak meme also obviously depicts suicide. I have attempted suicide and been hospitalized for it many times, mainly because of gender dysphoria. When I see the hanging troonjak meme I am reminded of these attempts and it brings back traumatic flashbacks for me. I relive these bad times in my life.

The people that post the hanging troonjak meme also tend to post bad post-op pics. I had my bottom surgery in 2019 and have a fully functional neovagina, and after these last few years I rarely have to dilate it (the dilation at this point is mainly just done via sex with my boyfriend) but man I cannot explain how fucking excruciating the pain was for the first year. Absolutely unbearable. I had to get prescribed oxycodone just to be able to handle it. When these bad post op pics get posted it reminds me of this EXTREMELY painful time in my life, and brings about all the dysphoric thoughts I had back then (mainly shit like “OH THE MEMES WERE TRUE YOU’RE GONNA REGRET THIS FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE!!!” would go through my head 24/7 for the first year, but once it healed and I could have sex with it, these thoughts went away and I became extremely happy when I could have legitimate PIV sex with my boyfriend)

Can you guys please stop posting the hanging troonjak meme? It’s really offensive, and really triggering for MtF transgender people. I just want to be able to have fun and post soyjak memes on this website with you guys, because I love soyjak and have made a lot of soyjak memes and I upload them to the soybooru all the time, but I hate seeing the trannyjak edits. It’s so overused, it’s so spammed, and it’s not even funny. You could be posting GEMson but instead you post this stupid meme that depicts a caricature of trans people and makes fun of the extreme struggles that we go through when we make the transision. It’s not funny, it’s just cruel, sad, pathetic, and stupid. And it’s just posted by a by a bunch of incels who are trannies in denial in the first place. I call upon snarky.snappy to stop posting hanging troonjak immediately
